// For more info visit https://github.com/FTBTeam/FTB-Ranks/wiki

[guest]
power: 1
default_player_rank: true
ftbutilities.afk.timer: 300s
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: &eGUEST:&r <{name}>
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 0
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 0
ftbutilities.leaderboard: false
command: false
command.ftbutilities.kickme: true
command.ftblib.reload: true
comamnd.help: true
command.me: true
command.say: true
command.tell: true
command.ftbutilities.ranks: true

[member]
power: 100
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: &2MEMBER:&r <{name}>
ftbutilities.chat.text.color: white
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 50
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 200
command.corpse.deathhistory: true
command.ftblib.client_config: true
command.ftblib.team.create: true
command.ftblib.team.create_server_team: true
command.ftblib.team.delete: true
command.ftblib.team.get: true
command.ftblib.team.help: true
command.ftblib.team.info: true
command.ftblib.team.join: true
command.ftblib.team.kick: true
command.ftblib.team.leave: true
command.ftblib.team.list: true
command.ftblib.team.request_invite: true
command.ftblib.team.settings: true
command.ftblib.team.settings_for: true
command.ftblib.team.status: true
command.ftblib.team.transfer_ownership: true
command.ftbutilities.chunks.claim: true
command.ftbutilities.chunks.claim_as: true
command.ftbutilities.chunks.help: true
command.ftbutilities.chunks.info: true
command.ftbutilities.chunks.load: true
command.ftbutilities.chunks.unclaim: true
command.ftbutilities.chunks.unload: true
command.ftbutilities.home: false
command.ftbutilities.mute: true
command.ftbutilities.nick: true
command.ftbutilities.ranks: true
command.ftbutilities.reload: true
command.ftbutilities.unmute: true

[admin]
power: 1000
command: true
default_op_rank: true
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: &5ADMIN:&r <{name}>
parent: member

// iSurio
[ada36cc3c0124d4395e4dc3130e26427]
power: 4
parent: member

// robin1956
[7b16e7e156474ba8b3533d64dc9f1cc4]
power: 6
parent: member

// AndMattBurt
[50ec4a48983a4c1ba5b0b8637cffaa66]
power: 7
parent: member
